1, There are how many states in America? 50, 51, 49, 52, No states were made since 1950.
2, What shows symbols?, maps, white board, compass, t.v., It can be found in a classroom or in a mall.
3, Which one of these is the most smallest continent?, Austrailia, Europe, Africa, Antartica, This continent is just south of the largest continent.
4, Which one of these is the largest continent?, Asia, North America, Africa, South America, This continent is just north of the smallest continent.
5, The state of Florida is what kind of landform? peninsula, desert, tundra, island, Florida is surrounded by water on three sides.
6, What is located in 0 degrees longitude?, Equator, North Pole, South Pole, Prime Meridian, It's in the middle of the globe (Earth).
7, An area with similar climates and landforms is known as what?, region, canyon, landform, glacier, it is not a specific area of land.
8, Which 2 imaginary lines divide the earth in half?, Equator & Prime Meridian, North Pole & South Pole, Latitude & Longitude, Earth & Sea, These two lines are different from the rest on the globe.
9, Which of these is a continent?, Africa, U.S., China, North Pole, A continent is NOT the same thing as a country.
10, Which of these is a continent?, Asia, New Zealand, Russia, Muricah, A continent is NOT the same thing as a country.
11, Why is a map helpful?, It shows the places you are located., Helps you with colors., Teaches you morals., It's homework., Think of where you are at.
12, A compass is used for what?, directions, habitats, math, communities, A compass is like a map except it shows you where you are going instead of where to go.
13, What is a large body of land?, continent, country, region, ocean, It's the biggest form of land.
14, What is a large body of water?, ocean, lake, river, continent, It's the biggest form of water.
15, What is a tiny model of Earth that is shaped like a sphere?, globe, map, ball, hemishpere, It's on a teacher's desk or in a library.
16, What on the map tells the meaning of the symbols?, legend, google, globe, compass, Another word for it is a map key.
17, Lines of Longitude, measures distance east and west, measures distance north or south, shows maps, is the Equator, It's the lines on the globe that are horizontal.
18, Lines of Latitude, measures distance north and south, measures distance east and west, is the Prime Meridian, shows globes, It's the lines on the globe that are vertical.
19, Which river borders America and Mexico?, Rio Grande, Danube River, Nile River, Yellow River, It's south of California.
20, Which of these is directions for a map?, North, Desert, Snow, Fog, You also find it on a compass.
21, Which of these is NOT directions for a map?, Compass, South, East, West, A direction is NOT something you can hold.
22, Which one of these is the smallest ocean?, Artic, Atlantic, Pacific, Indian, It's the ocean that is near Antartica.
24, Which one of these is the largest ocean?, Pacific, Atlantic, Indian, Artic, This ocean takes up nearly a third of the Earth.
25, Which one of these countries is an island?, Japan, Netherlands, Italy, South Korea, This country is made up of four major islands.
26, What is located in 0 degrees latitude?, Prime Meridian, Equator, North Pole, South Pole, This line touches the United Kingdom.
27, What is a region that is created when the Earth is Divided in half?, hemisphere, equator, axis, absolute location, What is another way to say half a sphere?
28, Which one of these is a region that has little vegetation growing in the area?, tundra, glacier, savanna, highlands, Little vegetation means that frozen ground is also in the area. 
29, Which one of these is one of the 5 great lakes, Erie, Tahoe, Biscayne, Crystal, Suspenseful isn't it?
30, Which one of these is a mountain range in North America? Rocky Mountains, Andes, Himalayas, Outback, A lot of these mountains can be found in the U.S.
